# Java_design_patterns

# Project description:
A journalism office publishes a variety of publications, including sports, political, and economic publications. Each publication has a name, date of establishment, registration number and an editor. Each of these publications is produced on the basis of a model, and there is only one instance of this model that varies according to need. Each publication has a number of subscribers who must first enter their information to share, including name, gender, date of birth and the publications of their choice through the site. This information is encoded on the server side in the format desired by the site. If a new version is printed, that version will reach subscribers. Each newspaper can be written, uploaded or sent in one of three modes. In writing mode, information about the percentage of work progress can be obtained. In this printing mode, you can specify the number of copies printed so far, and in the sending mode, you can specify how many copies the publication has been sent. Note that in order for the newspaper to reach the common hand, all three stages of writing, printing and sending must be done in order. Once the publication reaches submission mode, the publication must be sent to subscribers. The Publishing Office is always looking for ways to better deliver its publications to subscribers, which may vary from month to month. There are currently motor courier and online shipping methods. The newspaper's head office asks each publication for information on sales, number of customers, and printing costs, which must be printed in a specific format that includes different styles that can be applied to the output.

# What I have done:
Based on the explanation, I decide to implement Adapter, Observer, State, Strategy, Decorator design patterns to meet the project requiremnts.
